Demons are beings that live really long. They start off relatively weak, but still a lot stronger that humans, and build their strength over time by entering Contracts with other beings like humans or other sentient beings.

## Demon Summoning
Demons can be summoned using a ritual that requires a magic circle made of blood, a will to form a contract and either the users own magic, or (if they do not have any) magic stored in a magic crystal to initiate the summoning. The strength of the demon summoned depends on the amount of magic used when initiating the ritual and the strength of the desire the summoner has.

## Contracts
Contracting magically with others is unique to Demons. Contracts are used to take a bit of power from the being that requested the contract and transfer it to the demon. In exchange for that power they agree to solve any request they are given. The amount of power that the Demon takes from the Contractor is proportional to the difficulty of the request. The harder a request is to fulfill, the more the demon takes when the contract is established. The difficulty of a requests depends on many factors like risk, time required and general task complexity. Should the difficulty of the request from the contractor be so high that the amount of drained power kills them, the demon just takes all the power and since the contractor is dead, they do not have to grant the request. A contract can only be canceled if both the requester and the demon agree or if the requester dies. The demon can not directly hurt/kill his contractor. Doing so hurts/kills them with the requester. When fulfilling requests, the demon is always honest and can not lie to the requester. This is not true before the contract is established. Many demons try to manipulate the requester to take a request that is too difficult and kills the requester. When establishing a contract the demon may interpret the request given in ways unforeseen or not intended by the requester. Each demon can only have one active contract at a time.

### Reverse Contracts
If the contract is offered by a demon, the mechanic works in reverse. the demon gives a bit of its power to the being accepting the contract. This strengthens the being accepting the contract considerably ->They gain increased physical strength and magical capacity. Depending on what kind of contract the demon takes with a being, it can happen that the being gains even more power from the demon over time. Demons contracting with other beings is rare though. A reverse contract can only be canceled if both parties agree. Also depending on the contract the demon might regain its shared power when the contractor dies. It can also happen that the demon decides to share his life force with the contractor to expand their lifespan at the cost of their own. Reverse contracts can also be edited after the have been established if both parties agree. A being can receive an unlimited amount of reverse contracts as long as their body and mind is strong enough to support that many bonds.

## Demon Evolution
When a demon gains more and more power, it also gains more abilities like changing their appearance, transforming into beasts, and just overall spell power and variety. Once they reach certain thresholds of power, they evolve into higher demons, demon lords, arch-demons and finally the strongest demon, is the demon king. these evolutions come with more respect from other demons, general physical strength boosts and unique spells only these evolved demons can posses.

## Overall Demon behavior
Demons are known to posses immense power. They use this power to fulfill contracts with humans etc to raise their power even more. The live by a code of honor and strict hierarchy. The stronger one rules. Weaker demons seek to serve the strongest beings they can find, offering them contracts to enhance the power of these strong beings even further. This normally means that weaker demons serve stronger demons but exceptions where weak demons serve other races can occur. When a demon serves a demon, no power gets transferred. This is why such contracts with other beings than under demons is so rare. 

